2019-09-15-VHL-1-week-in.md

---
layout:     post
title:      VHL 1 Week in
date:       2019-09-15 20:41:14
author:     J
summary:    Eh. Oh look a summmary
categories: VirtualHackingLabs
thumbnail:  pencil-square-o
tags:
 - OSCP
 - VirtualHackingLabs
 - VHL
---

(This post is still a work in progress)

This post is an update of my VirtualHackingLabs experience. My goal was simple; to root in order of difficulty from Beginner, then Advanced, then Advanced+.

The first 3 nights were spent in total on the 9 Beginner boxes. During this time, I cannot say I was excited. The boxes were faily easy and were obviously designed for total beginners. Most of them do not require priviledge escalation, and scripts were readily found for them.

Nights 4 and 5 were not used, as I spent the time sleeping(lol). I do have a habit of taking a nap in the evening and finding myself waking up next morning, instead of 1 hour or so as intended.

On the 6th and 7th day, I put aside some time and rooted 2 Advanced machines per day, bringing the total number of roots to 13. The advanced boxes, despite the name, were only slightly harder than the Beginner ones. As I had previously practiced on [HackTheBox](https://hackthebox.eu) machines, it was mildly annoying that they were so straightforward to root and posed less of a challenge than I thought.

I'll update again next week on further progress. Hopefully by the end of week 2 I can pull off at least 1-2 roots per day and clear out half the available labs.
